On Native, a slider is a pretty good way to have a user
select a number between a low number and a high number.
Luckily for us, React Native comes built-in with a slider component.
So what we'll need to do is let's add some state to our component.
We'll just say value and set it equal to 0.
And then now, we can render
the slider component and we're going to pass it a few different props.
The first one is going to be the value which is coming from this.state.value.
Next, we want to tell slider how to update the value.
So we say onValueChange,
this is going to be a function which is going to receive the new value.
And then, we can call the this.setState.
And then, we can update that new value if we saved this.
And let's go ahead and add a text item down here and we'll just say Value,
so we can see what the current value is on these states.
All right, so on Android,
it looks like this and on iOS,
it looks like this.
So again, what's nice about React Native is we have
these cross-platform components that
have the same look and feel based on whatever platform they're on.
So now, say we wanted to add a minimum value and a maximum value to our slider.
What we can do, as you probably guessed,
is we can say minimumValue,
let's say for some reason we wanted it to be -10 and the maximum value to be 10.
So when we say that, you'll notice because we're starting at 0 we are in the middle.
But we can go between -10 and 10.
And the last thing we can do is say we don't want these decimals here,
we just want clean numbers.
So we can say step,
we want to step with 1.
So what's going to happen here is every time we move,
it's going to adjust the slider by 1,
regardless of what platform we're on.